---
slug: 23-07-25
title: July 25th, 2023
tags: [town-hall]
---

# 2023-07-25 Town Hall

*Listen to the recording on [Notion](https://www.notion.so/juicebox/FC-52-Town-Hall-B-f8dd61512dbd410581109ad4d6ec5070?pvs=4).*

**Main Topics Discussed:**

1. Ripple trial update and its implications for the cryptocurrency industry.
2. JuiceboxDAO's migration to the JBETHPaymentTerminal3_1_1.
3. Hold fees calculation error post-mortem and the need to avoid using hold fees until a fix is implemented.
4. Hackathon updates and the upcoming rewards distribution.
5. Buyback delegate status updates, including the Code4rena audit report and deployment timeline.

---

## Ripple Trial and its Implications

- The Ripple trial involves allegations of securities violations by Ripple and XRP.
- The judge ruled that while Ripple's sales to institutional buyers were sold as securities, XRP itself is not considered a security.
- The judge distinguished three categories of sales: institutional sales, programmatic sales (to retail investors), and distribution of tokens to employees/partners.
- The programmatic sales to retail investors were considered non-securities because the buyers couldn't distinguish if they were buying directly from Ripple or from secondary sellers.
- The ruling may have implications for other projects in the crypto industry, especially those that are decentralized and have no clear issuer or promoter.
- It may provide some clarity on the distinction between securities and non-securities in the context of crypto assets.

## JBETHPaymentTerminal3_1_1 Migration

- JuiceboxDAO is migrating to the JBETHPaymentTerminal3_1_1.
- The new terminal fixes bugs, addresses inefficiencies, and introduces a fee on redemptions if the redemption rate is less than 100%.
- The migration has been successfully executed, and the balance has been updated to the DAO's balance in the new terminal.

## Hold Fees Calculation Error Post-Mortem

*Read the [post-mortem](https://docs.juicebox.money/dev/resources/post-mortem/2023-07-24/).*

- A post-mortem was conducted on a medium severity bug in the hold fees calculations on the `JBPayoutRedemptionPaymentTerminal3_1`.
- The bug affects the accuracy of held fees, specifically in the refund process.
- Users are advised to avoid using hold fees until a fix is implemented.
- A new deployment, [`JBETHPayoutRedemptionPaymentTerminal3_1_2`](https://github.com/jbx-protocol/juice-contracts-v3/pull/51), is currently in progress to address the bug and provide a fix.

## Hackathon Updates

- The hackathon has concluded, and [hackathon project submissions](https://snapshot.org/#/filipv.eth/proposal/0xcecf8f9a92cea21c55d7cdde739b1b48101b75b24f8edb945feb0cd7aad7f9c2) have been reviewed and voted upon.
- Rewards will be distributed to the participants once the [Etherfunk project is migrated to v3](https://discord.com/channels/775859454780244028/1115701926978408478/1133536523464233022).
- Various projects and delegates were submitted, showcasing different ideas and front-end interfaces.

## Buyback Delegate Update

- The Code4rena audit report for the buyback delegate implementation is expected to be published soon.
- There have been great code reviews and contributions from 0xBA5ED.
- The implementation is in progress and expected to be deployed within the next couple of funding cycles.

---

### Other Updates and Discussions

- Resources on legal implications and guidelines for project configuration are being added to the frontend to provide project creators with necessary information.
- Further discussions and questions were raised on the Ripple trial, its implications, and the role of project owners in contractual schemes.
- It was highlighted that having a decentralized project with no clear issuer or promoter could provide more clarity in terms of securities regulations.
- The importance of fair notice and knowing the legal landscape before launching projects was emphasized.
- Participants expressed interest in exploring different treasury designs and contractual relationships within the crypto space.
