# Rulesets

#### What everyone needs to know

* Projects can configure rulesets to create rules to follow over set amounts of time.
* A ruleset's parameters can't be changed while it is in progress, but the project owner can queue new rulesets at any time.
* Rulesets roll over automatically. If there is a queued ruleset in place and it has been approved by the current ruleset's [approval hook](ruleset-approval-hook.md), it will be used. Otherwise, a copy of the current ruleset will be used with an updated `start` time and adjusted `weight`.
* The mechanics of each project can vary dramatically depending on how its rulesets are configured over time. [Become familiar with how projects work](project.md) to get a better understanding of how these decisions can be made.

#### What you'll want to know if you're building

* A ruleset is represented as a [`JBRuleset`](/docs/v4/api/core/structs/JBRuleset.md) data structure.
* It is possible to create rulesets that allow for total flexibility, total rigidity, or anything in between. Flexibility can be useful for rapid experimentation and evolution, whereas rigidity can be useful for dependability and trust. Anyone can configure a project's first ruleset alongside creating the project with a call to [`JBController.launchProjectFor(...)`](/docs/v4/api/core/contracts/JBController.md#launchprojectfor), when launching rulesets for a pre-existing project with a call to [`JBController.launchRulesetsFor(...)`](/docs/v4/api/core/contracts/JBController.md#launchrulesetsfor), or when reconfiguring a subsequent rulesets with a call to [`JBController.queueRulesetsOf(...)`](/docs/v4/api/core/contracts/JBController.md#queuerulesetsof).
* If a project has a current ruleset, it can be found by reading from [`JBcontroller.currentRulesetOf(...)`](/docs/v4/api/core/contracts/JBController.md#currentrulesetof.md). A project's upcoming ruleset can be found by reading from [`JBcontroller.upcomingRulesetOf(...)`](/docs/v4/api/core/contracts/JBController.md#upcomingrulesetof.md). A project's latest configured ruleset can be found by reading from ['JBController.latestQueuedRulesetOf(...)`](/docs/v4/api/core/contracts/JBController#latestqueuedrulesetof.md). A group of project's rulesets can be found by reading from ['JBController.allRulesetsOf(...)](/docs/v4/api/core/contracts/JBController#allRulesetsof.md). The rulesets that carry each original configuration can be found by reading from [`JBController.getRuleset(...)`](/docs/v4/api/core/contracts/JBController.md#getRulesetOf.md). [`JBController.currentRulesetOf(...)`](/docs/v4/api/core/contracts/JBController.md#currentrulesetof) and [`JBController.queueRulesetOf(...)`](/docs/v4/api/core/contracts/JBController.md#queuedrulesetof) can also be used to get a reference to the ruleset's metadata alongside.
* A ruleset's [`approval-hook`](ruleset-approval-hook.md) property is useful for setting rules by which any queued rulesets must adhere. This is useful for community-oriented projects as it can prevent a project owner from maliciously updating an upcoming ruleset's configuration moments before it begins without the broader community's consent. A ruleset's approval hook, which is a [`JBApprovalStatus`](/docs/v4/api/core/enums/JBApprovalStatus.md) enumeration, is returned with all of the above calls. 
* Look through the [`JBRulesets`](/docs/v4/api/core/contracts/JBRulesets.md) contract for a complete list of relevant read functions, write functions, and emitted events. Several properties of [`JBController`](/docs/v4/api/core/contracts/JBController.md), ['JBFundAccessLimits'](/docs/v4/api/core/contracts/JBFundAccessLimits.md), and [`JBTerminalStore`](/docs/v4/api/core/contracts/JBTerminalStore.md) also store information relative to ruleset configurations.

